UPI Transactions APP PRIVACY POLICY 
Last updated [02 Feb 2023]
UPI Transaction Limit, we respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we 
collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile communication 
application. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE 
TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION. 
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We 
will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You 
are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will 
be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have 
accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application 
after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted. 
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install 
the Application, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect and use data about 
you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party. 
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We personally don't collect and use the information voluntarily.
Data collected by the app is used by Firebase analytics and purely for app's usage and performance scaling and not for any other activities
Financial Data : Not applicable for UPI Transaction Limit.
There is no payment necessary for this Application. Financial information, such as data related 
to your payment method is for this application Not Applicable.
Facebook Permissions : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Data from Social Networks : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Geo-Location Information : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Mobile Device Access : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Mobile Device Data : Not applicable for VDLNedcar apps.
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of 
your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to 
provide.
Push Notifications 
Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Third-Party Data : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Data From Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and 
customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the 
Application to: 
1. Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information 
may be disclosed as follows: 
By Law or to Protect Rights 
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to 
investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and 
safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, 
rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection 
and credit risk reduction.
Third-Party Service Providers : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Marketing Communications : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your 
information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Interactions with Other Users 
Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Third-Party Advertisers : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Affiliates : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Business Partners : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Offer Wall : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.
Social Media Contacts : Not applicable for  UPI Transaction Limit.

CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Mathivanan
Erode,
TN
ultramathi@gmail.com
 
